tip
we were already present on the social it
two years ago we came back because the
first time we did the sial we got
had good contacts
which allowed us to start
some business in some countries and
it's a big date anyway
inescapable where is the opportunity to
We welcome customers and kong
our japanese customers
we have already come for the sial in
2010 here in paris that was enough
well spent so this year we decided
to take an international commercial
and
our team is one has grown and
today we think we have the weapons
to develop markets already
European
today it is a meeting place
we present our innovations we present
our different activities and the goal
is to meet both our
customers but also partners
possible futures
this is an opportunity for us to present
our brand no produced do them
taste and make appointments
for for business conscious with these
country there is a good chance
actually we come back in
other